
# Dércio Fernandes 
With both XRD projects done, I can now safely say I am satisfied with our group work. I am glad I took part on this team, as we could really feel everyone's passion for XR, and not simply a feel to do just about enough.
Compared to most courses, this one felt easier not because of the difficulty level, but yes because I was truly interested on it. It's always easier when the motivation comes from a passion point rather than a obligation point.
Onto the actual reflections on a programming level, I feel like VR surprised me by not being as complex as I expected, while AR surprised me for not being as simple as I expected. It was also a bit harder to come up with realistic ideas for AR, since the idea of Augmenting Reality requires us to possibly need a specific reality. For instance, one of our ideas was to create a Augmented Gym Trainer, but that would mean we needed to be at a gym, or anywhere near a gym machine, in order to be able to test our application. These are issues that only pop up with AR specifically, though I do also think AR looks extra "cooler" compared to VR.
We ended up going with a Interior Direction Provider, which in a way felt like "gamifying" real life, as we based the line on one game which I cant really recall as of now.
With VR, it was more easy to come up with a project idea. Our entire trio was composed of Counter Strike fans, so revamping CS1.6 into VR felt more like a hobby than an actual Uni Project. It was also very much entertaining to learn about how VR Games work on the behind the scenes. There were some points I had not really though of that made sense  on second though, which I would probably never found about had I not made a VR game.
With all this said, I think its safe to say I do not regret at all taking this course. In fact, I feel more safe to say that this is indeed an area I would love to work on my future.  


# Luka Udovicic
After completing both projects, I can state that I am happy with the outcome achieved. Since the beginning of the course, I had an idea of who I would be working with in the group. Therefore, the process was straightforward and easy, as we knew each other on a more personal level. This made it more enjoyable to work together, which was a big bonus. From the start, we decided to create a schedule for group work that we could follow, ensuring we didn't slack in terms of progress.

Starting with the AR project, the idea was interesting for me, but there were a few problems and obstacles that we came across. In the beginning, we met together, but since we realized we wouldn’t finish everything on time, we decided to split up the tasks and then merge our progress at the next meeting, which worked perfectly. One of the more annoying issues we had was that building the project on my phone took several minutes each time , sometimes even 15 minutes which was frustrating and felt like a waste of time. Additionally, we spent some time exploring different possibilities for the navigation. During the first project workweek, we focused solely on experimenting with various ways to solve the problem of indoor navigation. To conclude, it was fine overall, and as I mentioned earlier, having a good group made it easier to overcome challenges.

Moving on to the VR project, we had a really cool idea. Since we had played a lot of Counter-Strike, we thought about making it into a fun VR project. The game is old, has plenty of assets thanks to community support, and isn’t very taxing on graphics, so VR should be able to run it effortlessly. I was much more excited about this project compared to the AR project. Also, we didn’t have too many expectations regarding the final result; we just wanted to include an AK and a grenade and to be able to shoot. However, we ended up working overtime on this project because we were so excited. We made significant progress and managed to make it really immersive. This was such a great experience , probably one of the best project I’ve worked on, hands down. It didn’t feel like it was for school or a grade. It felt fun, like a creative challenge. Instead of seeing it as a chore, we focused on what more we could add to make it enjoyable. We not only met all the requirements but also added extra features.

Overall, this was a great course for me because it was different in terms of jumping straight into project work and having two distinct projects. The project-based learning approach was a breath of fresh air.

# Darko Goluza
Coming into this course I was overly excited to try the world of extended reality. I have already had experience with unity and making video games in general, and trying out XR seemed like a next logical step. We had to do two projects AR and VR; I found interesting that we got a chance to create two projects. I was more excited for the VR part because it seamed to me that we can more in VR, and we had less restrictions so we could focus more on what ever we like to create. The most enjoyment I had is doing the VR part. The game we created was so fun to test, usually each member of the group would test the game’s feature for 5 - 10 minutes, and sometimes we had to purposely stop the testing due to spending to much time on it.

My group mates were awesome to work with, we did not have any conflict, and everything went smoothly. Once a week we were spending time in the XR lab testing the game and merging the code. At the end of each session, we would plan out next features and create them from home. Communication was great and everyone was on the same page, and everyone put equal amounts of effort. It did not seem like anyone was being carried. We also had a lot of fun cracking jokes while programming which boosted the team spirit and motivation, make the process ten times more enjoyable, and it allowed us to deliver something truly incredible. 

In the end I am very satisfied with the course and the result. And I am happy with the people I got to work with. I have also gained experience in creating XR projects, and as well it has opened my eyes to all the possibilities you can do with XR.
